# CS340_Dashboard
Python/Mongo/Dash Framework
The best way to write programs that are maintable, readable, and adaptable is to follow the Occum's razor methodology: "The simplest explanation is usually the best", meaning, it is best to keep your code simple. By keeping your code simple, your code also becomes reusable, maintable, and readable. I try my best to write my code this way but there are times where you just get caught up in trying to make the code work and my code devolves into an overly complicated mess. When I catch myself coding this way, I try to force my self to focus on removing and simplifying complicated, erraneous code. Usually,once I do this I see why my code is not working and both of my problems are solved. 
The advantages of creating clean and reusable code is that your work is easier to share with your peers and it is easier to debug as well. For example, the CRUD python module that I created can easily be applied to other Mongo db database collections, all that would need to be done is to change where AAC and animals is to whatever databse and collection I am using. 
I like to approach a problem in computer science with a clear and open mind. That way I am not overly frustrated and am able to break the problems down into smaller bite-size pieces. My approach in this case differed with past assignments because the requirements document was more realistic, than they normally are. One strategy that I would implement to meet other client requests would be to focus on creating clean and simple code. When I used the dash framework it was really easy to get messed up with brackets and commas, not mention all of the new functions you are trying to figure out, so I think if next time I try to just focus on creating clean and simple code, the project will go much smoother than this one did. 
Computer Scientist analyze how computers manipulate data and some will create different applications. These jobs matter because without them the lives of many people would be harder than they needed to be. Taking Grazioso Salvare as an example, without his dashboard application, it is much harder for him to find trainable resuce dogs, who will go on to affect countless lives. Computer Scientists change lives and the world around them. 
